come down and sit in the dust Oh virgin
come down and sit in the dust Oh virgin daughter of Babylon sit on the ground
daughter of Babylon sit on the ground
daughter of Babylon sit on the ground without a throne o daughter of the
without a throne o daughter of the
without a throne o daughter of the Chaldeans for you shall no more be
Chaldeans for you shall no more be
Chaldeans for you shall no more be called tender and delicate take the
called tender and delicate take the
called tender and delicate take the millstones and grind meal remove your
millstones and grind meal remove your
millstones and grind meal remove your veil take off the skirt uncover the
veil take off the skirt uncover the
veil take off the skirt uncover the thigh pass through the rivers your
thigh pass through the rivers your
thigh pass through the rivers your nakedness shall be uncovered yes your
nakedness shall be uncovered yes your
nakedness shall be uncovered yes your shame will be seen I will take vengeance
shame will be seen I will take vengeance
shame will be seen I will take vengeance and I will not arbitrate with a man as
and I will not arbitrate with a man as
and I will not arbitrate with a man as for our Redeemer the Lord of Hosts is
for our Redeemer the Lord of Hosts is
for our Redeemer the Lord of Hosts is his name the Holy One of Israel sit in
his name the Holy One of Israel sit in
his name the Holy One of Israel sit in silence and go into darkness o daughter
silence and go into darkness o daughter
silence and go into darkness o daughter of the Chaldeans for you shall no longer
of the Chaldeans for you shall no longer
of the Chaldeans for you shall no longer be called the lady of kingdoms I was
be called the lady of kingdoms I was
be called the lady of kingdoms I was angry with my people
angry with my people
angry with my people I have profaned my inheritance and given
I have profaned my inheritance and given
I have profaned my inheritance and given them into your hand you showed them no
them into your hand you showed them no
them into your hand you showed them no mercy on the elderly you laid your yoke
mercy on the elderly you laid your yoke
mercy on the elderly you laid your yoke very heavily and you said I shall be a
very heavily and you said I shall be a
very heavily and you said I shall be a lady forever so that you did not take
lady forever so that you did not take
lady forever so that you did not take these things to heart no remember the
these things to heart no remember the
these things to heart no remember the latter end of them therefore hear this
latter end of them therefore hear this
latter end of them therefore hear this now you who are given two pleasures who
now you who are given two pleasures who
now you who are given two pleasures who dwell securely who say in your heart I
dwell securely who say in your heart I
dwell securely who say in your heart I am and there is no one else besides me I
am and there is no one else besides me I
am and there is no one else besides me I shall not sit as a widow nor shall I
shall not sit as a widow nor shall I
shall not sit as a widow nor shall I know the loss of children but these two
know the loss of children but these two
know the loss of children but these two things shall come to you in a moment in
things shall come to you in a moment in
things shall come to you in a moment in one day the loss of children and
one day the loss of children and
one day the loss of children and widowhood they shall come upon you in
widowhood they shall come upon you in
widowhood they shall come upon you in their fullness because of the multitude
their fullness because of the multitude
their fullness because of the multitude of your sorcerers
of your sorcerers
of your sorcerers for the great abundance of your
for the great abundance of your
for the great abundance of your enchantments for you have trusted in
enchantments for you have trusted in
enchantments for you have trusted in your wickedness you have said no one
your wickedness you have said no one
your wickedness you have said no one sees me your wisdom and your knowledge
sees me your wisdom and your knowledge
sees me your wisdom and your knowledge have warped you and you have said in
have warped you and you have said in
have warped you and you have said in your heart I am and there is no one else
your heart I am and there is no one else
your heart I am and there is no one else besides me therefore evil shall come
besides me therefore evil shall come
besides me therefore evil shall come upon you you shall not know from where
upon you you shall not know from where
upon you you shall not know from where it arises and trouble shall fall upon
it arises and trouble shall fall upon
it arises and trouble shall fall upon you you will not be able to put it off
you you will not be able to put it off
you you will not be able to put it off and desolation shall come upon you
and desolation shall come upon you
and desolation shall come upon you suddenly which you shall not know stand
suddenly which you shall not know stand
suddenly which you shall not know stand now with your enchantments and the
now with your enchantments and the
now with your enchantments and the multitude of your sorceries in which you
multitude of your sorceries in which you
multitude of your sorceries in which you have laboured from your youth perhaps
have laboured from your youth perhaps
have laboured from your youth perhaps you will be able to profit perhaps you
you will be able to profit perhaps you
you will be able to profit perhaps you will prevail you are we read in the
will prevail you are we read in the
will prevail you are we read in the multitude of your counsels let now the
multitude of your counsels let now the
multitude of your counsels let now the astrologers the stargazers and the
astrologers the stargazers and the
astrologers the stargazers and the monthly prognosticators stand up and
monthly prognosticators stand up and
monthly prognosticators stand up and save you from what shall come upon you
save you from what shall come upon you
save you from what shall come upon you behold they shall be as stubble the fire
behold they shall be as stubble the fire
behold they shall be as stubble the fire shall burn them they shall not deliver
shall burn them they shall not deliver
shall burn them they shall not deliver themselves from the power of the flame
themselves from the power of the flame
themselves from the power of the flame it shall not be a cold to be warmed by
it shall not be a cold to be warmed by
it shall not be a cold to be warmed by nor a fire to sit before the shall they
nor a fire to sit before the shall they
nor a fire to sit before the shall they be to you with whom you have labored
be to you with whom you have labored
be to you with whom you have labored your merchants from your youth they
your merchants from your youth they
your merchants from your youth they shall wander each one to his quarter no
shall wander each one to his quarter no
shall wander each one to his quarter no one shall save you